what's good YouTube it's your automatic
here with an LOL guide and today we're
going to be reviewing various or virus
however you want to say it I've had
people tell me multiple ways so I just
do that now in case everybody leaves a
comment like dammit bro I you say his
name wrong so anyway we're gonna start
out here with the spell flash and the
shield well I can't remember what it's
called right now for the life of me but
you may want to switch this up for
ignite if you want now on you can use
either or but I would prefer flash and
ignite in some situations or this for
defense or you know if you're playing on
a different map other than the
summoner's rift one now purchasing order
this is what you're going to want you're
going to start off with boots of speed
health potions Dorn's blade in a BF
sword and then upgrade your boots after
that I can't see oh man I can't stand to
see how that people make the same
mistake all the time they get the boots
to get the potions they get the dorms
plate then they get more boots you don't
need those boots early in the game
please so like get the BF sword or you
can go and start upgrading to the
phantom dancer you can pick up a zeal
you know you can upgrade to the
hurricane you could do any of that but
you don't have to always get like all
this movement speed and boots and then
enchant the boots and then you know but
anyway just do it like that how it is
and there we go for your ability sequent
you're going to want to put q you're
going to start qwe and then r and then
upgrade the are twice until you get 0
recommended runes is going to be mark of
armor penetration seal of armor glyph of
scaling magic resistant Quint of attack
damage for your offense you're going to
want to put in 21 and you're going to
want to put defense nine this works well
because he's obviously ad carry and this
is going to be like the a lot a lot
better of an ad carry set up this one I
know works well
now here's the pros and cons the pros
and cons are that he's arranged ad carry
obviously good crowd control multiple
root which is old awesome farmer now
this is true his cue once it's leveled
up I say you level this one up um if you
want to farm a lot if you shoot the cue
it like ways the enemy's it'll just
destroy him you know like they'll just
be falling down 6 7 news at one time
awesome her ass same thing q cons
squishy needs farm to be useful no
escape skills also very slow he's very
slow-moving character right and he has
no escape skills so that's like a double
negative there anyway guys um if you
want to use varus make sure you follow
this guide these are just the beginners
tips these are no advanced tips nothing
like that just what you need to get
started hope you guys enjoyed the video
don't forget to subscribe and like for
more and I'll see you guys later peace